UG Updates (#280)
AY2324S1-CS2113-T17-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* Parameters need to be specified in the given order unless specified otherwise.
* Parameters enclosed in square brackets [] are optional.

**Notes about lack of Goal Delete for Sleep and Activity**
* Our team will be implementing the delete goal feature for sleep and activity in the next version of AthletiCLI.

> 

Reviewer: I think we need a stronger justification here. It might more likely be a hint for the user to report this feature flaw.

Author: Added a new justification for this

1. **Diversity of Diet Goals:** The Diet section likely encompasses a wider range of goals compared to Sleep and Activity. With such variability, users might frequently need to delete diet goals, making a delete function more essential in this section.

2. **Stability of Sleep and Activity Goals:** Goals related to sleep and activity are generally more consistent and less variable over time. This stability reduces the immediate need for a delete feature, as users are less likely to remove these goals frequently.

3. **Focused Development Resources:** Given limited development resources and time, the team prioritized implementing the delete feature for the Diet section, where it was deemed most necessary due to the larger volume and variability of goals.

4. **Planned for Future Implementation:** The absence of this feature in the current version for Sleep and Activity does not indicate it will never be implemented. It is planned for a future update, aligning with a phased development approach.

## 🛌 Sleep Management

> Do note that for sleep commands, the order of the parameters is fixed, and are all non-optional.

Reviewer: Redundant information, we could delete that line (see Notes about Command Format, line 24)

Author: Yes good point made, deleted these lines.

* `find-sleep 2021-09-01`

### 🎯 Setting Sleep Goals:

`set-sleep-goal`

You can set goals for your sleep AthletiCLI by setting the target duration specified in minutes. Tracking can be done for the past day, week, month or year.

**NOTE: Only one sleep goal can be set for each time period.**

**Syntax:**
* `set-sleep-goal type/TYPE period/PERIOD target/TARGET`

**Parameters:**
* TYPE: The type of sleep goal. It must be the following: `duration`.

> * PERIOD: The period for which you want to set a goal. It must be one of the following: `daily, weekly, monthly, yearly`. Only sleeps that are recorded within the period from the current timewill be counted towards the goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PERIOD: The period for which you want to set a goal. It must be one of the following: `daily, weekly, monthly, yearly`. Only sleeps that are recorded within the period from the current time will be counted towards the goal.
```

* TARGET: The target value. It must be a positive number. For duration, it is in minutes.

**Examples:**
* `set-sleep-goal type/duration period/daily target/420` Sets a goal of sleeping 7 hours per day.

> * `set-sleep-goal type/duration period/weekly target/2940` Sets a goal of sleeping 49 hours per week. 

Reviewer: hh:mm format would be more user-friendly here. This way, the user has to calculate the minutes each time. Probably out of scope for the final submission.

Author: Good suggestion, but would require some reworking and testing so wont add that feature for the submission.

### 📅 Editing Sleep Goals:

`edit-sleep-goal`

You can edit your already set sleep goals by mentioning the type, period, and target of the goal you want to edit.

**Syntax:**
* `edit-sleep-goal type/TYPE period/PERIOD target/TARGET`

**Parameters:**

> * TYPE: The type of sleep goal. It must be the following: `duration`.

Reviewer: Can we omit this parameter? If the user can not specify any other type, this might be counted as "complicated command format" flaw

Author: I think that is possible, but I would keep the parameter for clarity purposes and such that future versions can extend to other goal types as well.
